voicely
Voicely
Year: 2024
Short: Mobile App for voice analysis and assitant in service centers
Description: A mobile app that allows to the user to make a voice analysis and get a report of their emotions, tone, and other metrics. Also, the app has a voice assistant that can help the user to make a call, send a message, or other actions.
Framework: Flutter, Firebase, Bloc, GoRouter, OpenAI, Mixpanel, Sentry, Google Cloud

crash_dash
CrashDash
Year: 2024
Short: App for monitoring crashes, failures and errors in integrated apps
Description: A dashboard that allows to the user to monitor the crashes, failures, and errors in their integrated apps. The software has the capabilities to send notifications, alerts, reports to the user and analize the data to make predictions and recommendations.
Framework: Flutter, Firebase, Python, Polars, Sentry, Scikit-learn, Turso

digitalizacion
Digitalizacion
Year: 2024
Short: System for digitalice documents, make reports, scan variatons, and other useful tools
Description: A set of for main programs related to the digitalization of documents, reports, and other useful tools. The set is composed of a daemon process, a command line interface, a dashboard and analysis reports. The software has the capabilities to digitalize documents, make reports, scan variations, and other useful tools.
Framework: Go, Python, Fly.io, Sqlite, Flutter, Firebase, Polars, Sentry

belity_admin
Belity Admin
Year: 2023
Short: Beauty Services Marketplace App
Description: A dashboard that allows to configure the Belity/Beliter app, manage the services, the users, the payments, the notifications, the reports, and other useful tools. The dashboard serves as an Admin Platform to the core business of Belity.
Framework: PHP, Laravel, MySQL, Firebase, Docker

beli_noti
BeliNoti
Year: 2023
Short: Dashboard for managing notifications in Belity App
Description: A Dashboard and their system to connect local, data and push notifications to the user with the app registered. These software also have the capabilities to schedule, send at the moment, create different message, personalice per user, and has engagement analisys between experiments.
Framework: Python, Polars, Go, Spark, Mixpanel, Sentry, NewRelic, Docker, Firebase, Flutter

usil_scolarship_admin_site
USIL Scolarship Program Admin Site
Year: 2023
Short: Admin Site for managing scolarship program
Description: A site that allows to the USIL staff to manage the scolarship program, the students, the payments, the reports, and other useful tools. The site serves as an Admin Platform to the core business of USIL.
Framework: Flutter, Firebase, GoRouter, Bloc

pacifico_seguros_assistance_service_dashboard
Pacifico Seguros Assitance Services Dashboard
Year: 2022
Short: Dashboard for managing assistance services
Description: A site that allows to the Pacifico Seguros staff to manage the assistance services, the users, the payments, the reports, and other useful tools. The site serves as an Admin Platform to the core business of Pacifico Seguros.
Framework: Node.js, Express, Firebase.

heydru
Heydru!
Year: 2020
Short: Heydru internal app for managing tasks and projects
Description: A mobile app that allows to the Heydru team to manage the tasks, the projects, the reports, the notifications, and other useful tools. The app serves as an internal platform to the core business of Heydru.
Framework: Flutter, GetX, Firebase, GoRouter, Bloc
